#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.8
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
aiohttp==3.9.1
    # via fsspec
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via aiohttp
argostranslate==1.9.1
    # via -r requirements.in
async-timeout==4.0.3
    # via aiohttp
attrs==23.2.0
    # via aiohttp
cachetools==4.2.4
    # via google-auth
certifi==2023.11.17
    # via requests
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
click==8.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sacremoses
colorama==0.4.6
    # via sacrebleu
ctranslate2==3.20.0
    # via argostranslate
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
entmax==1.2
    # via unbabel-comet
filelock==3.13.1
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
    #   transformers
fonttools==4.47.0
    # via matplotlib
frozenlist==1.4.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec[http]==2023.12.2
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   torch
google-api-core[grpc]==1.31.5
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-translate
google-auth==1.35.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-core
google-cloud-core==1.7.3
    # via google-cloud-translate
google-cloud-translate==3.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
googleapis-common-protos==1.62.0
    # via google-api-core
grpcio==1.60.0
    # via google-api-core
huggingface-hub==0.16.4
    # via
    #   tokenizers
    #   transformers
    #   unbabel-comet
idna==3.6
    # via
    #   requests
    #   yarl
ipadic==1.0.0
    # via sacrebleu
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via torch
joblib==1.3.2
    # via sacremoses
jsonargparse==3.13.1
    # via unbabel-comet
kiwisolver==1.4.5
    # via matplotlib
lightning-utilities==0.10.0
    # via pytorch-lightning
lxml==5.0.1
    # via sacrebleu
markupsafe==2.1.3
    # via jinja2
matplotlib==3.5.3
    # via -r requirements.in
mecab-ko==1.0.0
    # via sacrebleu
mecab-ko-dic==1.0.0
    # via
    #   mecab-ko
    #   sacrebleu
mecab-python3==1.0.5
    # via sacrebleu
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
mtdata==0.2.9
    # via -r requirements.in
multidict==6.0.4
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
networkx==3.1
    # via torch
numpy==1.24.4
    # via
    #   ctranslate2
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   sacrebleu
    #   scipy
    #   stanza
    #   torchmetrics
    #   transformers
    #   unbabel-comet
packaging==23.2
    # via
    #   argostranslate
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-translate
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   lightning-utilities
    #   matplotlib
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   torchmetrics
    #   transformers
pandas==2.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   unbabel-comet
pillow==10.2.0
    # via matplotlib
portalocker==2.8.2
    # via
    #   mtdata
    #   sacrebleu
proto-plus==1.23.0
    # via google-cloud-translate
protobuf==4.25.1
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   proto-plus
    #   stanza
    #   unbabel-comet
pyasn1==0.5.1
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.3.0
    # via google-auth
pyparsing==3.1.1
    # via matplotlib
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
pytorch-lightning==2.1.3
    # via unbabel-comet
pytz==2023.3.post1
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   pandas
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   ctranslate2
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   jsonargparse
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   transformers
regex==2023.12.25
    # via
    #   sacrebleu
    #   sacremoses
    #   transformers
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fsspec
    #   google-api-core
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   stanza
    #   transformers
rsa==4.9
    # via google-auth
sacrebleu[ja,ko]==2.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sacrebleu
    #   unbabel-comet
sacremoses==0.0.53
    # via argostranslate
safetensors==0.4.1
    # via transformers
scipy==1.10.1
    # via unbabel-comet
sentencepiece==0.1.99
    # via
    #   argostranslate
    #   unbabel-comet
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-auth
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   python-dateutil
    #   sacremoses
stanza==1.1.1
    # via argostranslate
sympy==1.12
    # via torch
tabulate==0.9.0
    # via sacrebleu
tokenizers==0.15.0
    # via transformers
toolz==0.12.0
    # via -r requirements.in
torch==2.1.2
    # via
    #   entmax
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   stanza
    #   torchmetrics
    #   unbabel-comet
torchmetrics==0.10.3
    # via
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   unbabel-comet
tqdm==4.66.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   sacremoses
    #   stanza
    #   transformers
transformers==4.35.2
    # via unbabel-comet
typing-extensions==4.9.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   lightning-utilities
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   torch
    #   torchmetrics
tzdata==2023.4
    # via pandas
unbabel-comet @ git+https://github.com/Unbabel/COMET.git@45cb572516398b6994f112ed8ee7058dc5fb84ef
    # via -r requirements.in
urllib3==2.1.0
    # via requests
wget==3.2
    # via mtdata
yarl==1.9.4
    # via aiohttp

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
